com/example/housemate/util/HousemateAPI.java
 com.example.housemate.util.HousemateAPI
com/example/housemate/Bills/Bill.java
 com.example.housemate.Bills.Bill
com/example/housemate/ShoppingList/ShoppingFragment.java
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.ShoppingFragment
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.ShoppingFragment$1
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.ShoppingFragment$2
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.ShoppingFragment$3
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.ShoppingFragment$3$1
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.ShoppingFragment$3$2
com/example/housemate/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.housemate.BuildConfig
com/example/housemate/FamilyActivity.java
 com.example.housemate.FamilyActivity
 com.example.housemate.FamilyActivity$1
 com.example.housemate.FamilyActivity$2
 com.example.housemate.FamilyActivity$3
 com.example.housemate.FamilyActivity$3$1
 com.example.housemate.FamilyActivity$3$2
 com.example.housemate.FamilyActivity$3$3
 com.example.housemate.FamilyActivity$3$4
 com.example.housemate.FamilyActivity$3$5
com/example/housemate/SuccessActivity.java
 com.example.housemate.SuccessActivity
com/example/housemate/adapter/BillRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.housemate.adapter.BillRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.housemate.adapter.BillRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/housemate/adapter/ChoreRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.housemate.adapter.ChoreRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.housemate.adapter.ChoreRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/housemate/FamilyFragment.java
 com.example.housemate.FamilyFragment
com/example/housemate/ChoresActivity.java
 com.example.housemate.ChoresActivity
 com.example.housemate.ChoresActivity$1
 com.example.housemate.ChoresActivity$2
com/example/housemate/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.housemate.SettingsFragment
com/example/housemate/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.housemate.HomeFragment
com/example/housemate/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.housemate.LoginActivity
 com.example.housemate.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.housemate.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.housemate.LoginActivity$2$1
 com.example.housemate.LoginActivity$2$2
 com.example.housemate.LoginActivity$2$2$1
 com.example.housemate.LoginActivity$2$2$2
 com.example.housemate.LoginActivity$2$2$2$1
 com.example.housemate.LoginActivity$2$2$2$2
com/example/housemate/Chores/Chore.java
 com.example.housemate.Chores.Chore
com/example/housemate/RemindersFragment.java
 com.example.housemate.RemindersFragment
com/example/housemate/Bills/AddBillFragment.java
 com.example.housemate.Bills.AddBillFragment
 com.example.housemate.Bills.AddBillFragment$1
 com.example.housemate.Bills.AddBillFragment$2
 com.example.housemate.Bills.AddBillFragment$3
 com.example.housemate.Bills.AddBillFragment$3$1
 com.example.housemate.Bills.AddBillFragment$3$2
 com.example.housemate.Bills.AddBillFragment$3$2$1
 com.example.housemate.Bills.AddBillFragment$3$2$2
com/example/housemate/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.housemate.SignUpActivity
 com.example.housemate.SignUpActivity$1
 com.example.housemate.SignUpActivity$1$1
 com.example.housemate.SignUpActivity$1$2
 com.example.housemate.SignUpActivity$1$3
com/example/housemate/ShoppingList/BottomSheetFragment.java
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.BottomSheetFragment
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.BottomSheetFragment$1
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.BottomSheetFragment$1$1
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.BottomSheetFragment$1$2
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.BottomSheetFragment$1$2$1
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.BottomSheetFragment$1$2$2
 com.example.housemate.ShoppingList.BottomSheetFragment$2
com/example/housemate/util/customToast.java
 com.example.housemate.util.customToast
com/example/housemate/MainActivity.java
 com.example.housemate.MainActivity
 com.example.housemate.MainActivity$1
com/example/housemate/Bills/ViewBillsFragment.java
 com.example.housemate.Bills.ViewBillsFragment
 com.example.housemate.Bills.ViewBillsFragment$1
 com.example.housemate.Bills.ViewBillsFragment$2
 com.example.housemate.Bills.ViewBillsFragment$2$1
 com.example.housemate.Bills.ViewBillsFragment$2$2
com/example/housemate/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.housemate.HomeActivity
com/example/housemate/Chores/ViewChoresFragment.java
 com.example.housemate.Chores.ViewChoresFragment
 com.example.housemate.Chores.ViewChoresFragment$1
 com.example.housemate.Chores.ViewChoresFragment$2
 com.example.housemate.Chores.ViewChoresFragment$3
 com.example.housemate.Chores.ViewChoresFragment$4
 com.example.housemate.Chores.ViewChoresFragment$5
 com.example.housemate.Chores.ViewChoresFragment$5$1
 com.example.housemate.Chores.ViewChoresFragment$5$2
com/example/housemate/Chores/AddChoreBottomFragment.java
 com.example.housemate.Chores.AddChoreBottomFragment
 com.example.housemate.Chores.AddChoreBottomFragment$1
 com.example.housemate.Chores.AddChoreBottomFragment$1$1
 com.example.housemate.Chores.AddChoreBottomFragment$1$2
 com.example.housemate.Chores.AddChoreBottomFragment$1$2$1
 com.example.housemate.Chores.AddChoreBottomFragment$1$2$2
 com.example.housemate.Chores.AddChoreBottomFragment$2
